planning to hire a personal trainer? read these 7 tips first:
any dads out their who struggled w/ depression or anxiety after their kid was born? let's talk! …
america's problem with diabetes in one map: by
think water & fiber will cure your constipation? unlikely. here's why:
about to lose it? here, try one of these office-approved relaxation exercises: stress
should you get your baby's dna decoded? genetics
3 easy ways to eliminate work stress: via
7 steps for choosing & keeping the right personal trainer: by personaltraining
getting ready for bikini season? don't. with the "anti-bikini season diet"
there's a reason you're still fat. in fact, 6 of them. weightloss
are your allergies just annoying -- or do they require medical attention? how to know:
don't think your digestive system can handle another passover dinner? if you follow 's advice, it can:
how about some mood-boosting veggies for dinner? (we support dessert made with raw cacao, too.)
teen pregnancy rates are lower than ever, but they could be lower if teens knew about this:
a hip replacement in your 90s? for some, it's a good idea. with the story:
eat spinach every day -- and make your brain 11 years younger: via
do you faint a lot? how to know if it's a sign of a legitimate medical condition:
everything you thought you knew about constipation is wrong. debunks 8 myths:
the problem with opioids for chronic pain:
boost your mood with food this spring! shares how:
12 spring superfoods – from leeks to beets:
step into spring with one of these 10 epic trails: hiking outdoors
eating out tonight? you *can* do it healthfully. explains how:
this is what sugar does to your brain: via
do you run for beer? how to balance working out & going out: nationalbeerday
what's it like to exercise with a disability? not easy, but not impossible.
5 physicaltherapy procedures that are more quack than quality:
what's the difference between allergies that can be treated otc – & allergies that need medical attention?
do you sweat too much? via
do alcohol taxes save lives?
kix are for kids. vaccines are for adults and kids. what adults need to know:
. says & are effective for weightloss. we concur! bestdiets
want to fight inflammation? try these 5 foods and spices:
how to make passover easier on your digestive system by
mentalhealth support groups "are a function of the people in them.” how to find one that suits you:
a throwback in honor of stressawarenessmonth: beat work stress in a minute or less
7 surprising things that age you:
10 unconventional ways to beat spring allergies:
pizza night! how to make yours healthy by
could raising taxes on alcohol curb drunk driving accidents? one study says yes:
chris kaag bikes daily toting an extra 30 pounds. he has a neurodegenerative disorder. what's your excuse?
vaccines: they're not just for kids. here are 8 you should discuss with your doctor:
celebrate earth month with these 5 eating tips. (hint: your body will thank you, too.)
heart bypass surgery or angioplasty? that is the question. has the answer. hearthealth
pregnant women: to eat fish or not to eat fish?
fight inflammation through the grocery, not the pharmacy. on what foods work:
stuck in a fitness rut? how to spring clean your routine:
what's it like to be a food photographer for ? asked one.
are water alternatives worth their cost? weighs in. cactus coconut
juice or smoothie? that is the question.
you say sweaty betty, dermatologists say hyperhidrosis.
what's for dinner? 4 simple steps to a healthier pizza: pizzanight
how to fall asleep when it's 4am and you're wide awake.
got migraines? get relief. here's how:
before you join a support group for a mentalhealth condition, read this:
5 numbers to know as obamacare turns 5:
you splurged on all the spring produce. now, how to prepare it:
medical errors can kill you, but you're not helpless.
good news friday! here's proof that life gets better with age: via aging
celebrate earthmonth by greening your plate with these tips from
before you instagram that lunch, read this: food photography
moms and dads: did you ask your pediatrician for a flexible immunization schedule, and why? vaccines
this superbug will give you the diarrhea of your life
love pizza but not the calories? to the rescue!
it's earthmonth + has 5 ways to lower your carbon footprint – with your fork.
good morning! cold-pressed juice or blended smoothie? we'll help you decide:
is it time for a heart transplant? hearthealth
how much sweat is enough to classify as hyperhidrosis?
think giving your kids a sip of wine or beer will give them healthy attitudes about drinking? study: think again.
wish you could be a kid again? so does your body! here's why.
yes, artichoke water exists (as does cactus & maple.) asks: are they worth their cost?
"i've come to expect the unexpected." how copes w/ his daughter's autism. worldautismawarenessday
how to be a friend to someone with autism worldautismawarenessday
should you join a mentalhealth support group? kristen fawcett with the low-down:
how to be a friend to someone with autism: worldautismawarenessday
which is healthier: smoothies or cold-pressed juices?
so you think you can photograph food? interviews food photographer
10 foods that fight inflammation via
we didn't ask, but did: should you spring clean your colon?
don't just detox your body, detox your home! explains how: springcleaning
got allergies? you can still exercise outside. here's how:
migraines – from triggers to relief – explained.
coconut v. cactus v. maple v. artichoke (yes, artichoke). on which h20 is healthiest:
the simple hack that will help you sleep better tonight: via
do you comparison shop for health care? you should. here's how. personalfinance medicine
there's sweat, and then there's (treatable) excessive sweat. what's the diff? hyperhidrosis
which water? reviews the claims of coconut, cactus, maple and even artichoke:
with congestive heart failure, when is it time to "talk transplant?" with the answer: hearthealth
major loopholes in obamacare leave many with mentalillness struggling with costs, access: via …
stop punishing and start playing! it will make you happier & healthier, says .
12 spring superfoods to try tonight:
spring clean your health with these 6 tips:
did you know? more young republicans support obamacare's birthcontrol coverage requirement than oppose it.
steer clear of raw milk, experts say.
trying the paleo diet but not losing weight? here's why via
too many blood transfusions, too much oxygen for preemies & other preventable medical errors.
got a huge medical bill? why you should hold your horses before storming hr:
surprise, this is what's keeping you fat.
how to get the best deals on your medical care, by
the hospital gown is getting an update that involves showing less of your behind:
got migraines? get relief. here's how:
what are the most common medical errors - and how can you help prevent them? with the scoop:
what are the best foods to eat after a workout? the answers may surprise you:
did someone say yoga? rt will market everything from yoga to voice lessons:
after a heart attack or heart surgery, rehab your heart. here's what to expect:
should hospitals be forced to report superbug incidences? my latest story for
doing everything right but just can't lose weight? 6 things that are holding you back:
this guy was the first to conquer the with 2 prosthetic legs. what's your excuse? motivationmonday
the unveiled a 5-year plan to fight infections spread in hospitals, reports
how to turn your phone into the ultimate weightloss tool:
should our microbiome influence the dga2015? yes! read my new blog:
huge medical bill? read this before taking it to hr: by
journojob alert: we're hiring a medical reporter here at .
if you eat a plant-based diet, your kids will benefit. explains:
should gut bugs influence the dietaryguidelines? weighs in: guthealth
5 free ways to get in shape this spring:
how the heck are you supposed to exercise outside with spring allergies? glad you asked.
got allergies? maybe the culprit is in your home.
after knee surgery, you rehab your leg. after heart surgery, why wouldn't you rehab your heart?
4 simple tips to detox your home:
happy sunday hike day! here are 10 hiking trails to try out: spring
acupuncture for infertility? yup, it's a thing.
distracted doctor? why that might be a good thing for your health (but not your patience)
need a new knee? ask yourself these questions first.
what does "clean eating" really mean? (according to dietitians)
spring clean your health with these 6 tips:
how's 's resolution to try 1 new food a week panning out?
salt: the new gatorade?
step 1: detox your body. step 2: detox your home. has your guide.
think you know about stretching? 5 things you probably don't: fitness
considering a knee replacement? consider this.
here are 6 reasons why you can't lose weight:
don't just be a divorcee – be a healthy one! 10 tips on how:
are you ready to apply for medical school? take this quiz and find out!
planning a hike tomorrow? how to start preparing – physically and mentally – today:
how young is too young to run?
post-heart attack or bypass surgery, rehab your heart. by
scale not budging? outlines 6 things keeping you fat. weightloss
don't just detox your body, detox your home! tells you how:
best recovery foods, my latest on greens
what does "clean eating" actually mean? 12 dietitians answer:
wish you had an exercise pal? stop wishing and start following 's tips for finding one:
the awesome things & other companies do to keep their employees happy (& healthy!)
survey: 1 in 4 latinos hasn't heard of obamacare exchanges, reports:
are your migraines, soreness and digestive issues actually signs of depression?
how many of these "healthy" eating myths have you fallen for?
how to deal with distracted doctors:
10 epic trails almost anyone can hike: via
which "milk" has the most protein?
what are the best foods for fighting inflammation? funny you should ask.
says these are his 6 favorite post-workout foods. tart cherries and...
going through a divorce? take care of yourself with these 10 tips:
what are the best foods to eat after a workout? names 6: fitness nutrition
knee replacement decisions: total or partial; standard or robotic?
5 things you don't know (& should) about stretching:
obamacare is already 5 years old. what's next from
ladies (& gents), if you're not lifting weights, you're missing out on important health benefits, says:
is acupuncture an effective treatment for infertility? explores: complementarymedicine
white house kicks off health care reimbursement program:
6 things no one tells you about sleepwalking via
9 rebuttals to the excuse "i'm too busy to exercise" by fitspiration
here's what happened to diabetes diagnoses in states that expanded medicaid under obamacare:
how young is too young to run? finds out: runchat running
planning a long-distance hike? it takes physical – & mental – prep. take note:
"how lower back pain relates to retiring comfortably" by via
partial or total? standard or robotic? these are the questions when considering knee replacement surgery.
lace up! "10 epic trails anyone can hike" hiking outdoors
wish you had an exercise buddy? finding one is easier than you think, says . here's how:
what are the best foods to fight inflammation?
don't want a "diet" but just to eat healthy? try these top-rated plans:
diagnosed with ovariancancer? ask these 12 questions: angelinajolie
thank you for your important story sharing the latest alzheimers facts: endalz
how depression warps your sense of time: via
signed up for a 5k? hit the weight room, first, says: runchat
can acupuncture be part of an effective treatment for infertility? womenshealth
what are the best diets for diabetes? diet & dash tie for 1st.
job forecast sunny for physicianassistants: via
inflammation: the driver of obesity and depression? via
not good news: most alzheimer's patients and their caregivers aren't notified of the diagnosis. by
i do weightlifting twice a week -- the optimal is three! are you doing this exercise? fitness
in january, took on the 52newfoods challenge. an entertaining report on q1:
how to eat cheaply & healthy on the go via
annoyed that your doc is looking at the computer, not you? on what's really going on. ehr
more than half of patients who have alzheimers haven't been told by their doctor. here's the latest:
. resolved to introduce 1 new food to her family's meals each week for a year. her progress report:
"if policymakers think that not finding diabetes saves money, they’re wrong."
weighing yourself might be simpler said than done. here's how to do it right:
if you force 10 nutritionists to order at , this is what they choose: via
too busy to exercise? then you haven't tried 's 9 time hacks:
can you be allergic to marijuana?
read these 9 "time hacks" from – and never say "i'm too busy to exercise" again:
allergic to marijuana? it's possible, reports .
thestruggle of being allergic to marijuana:
want an easy diet? try or , our bestdiets panelists suggest:
here's what happened to diabetes diagnosis in states that expanded medicaid: map by !
congrats to , who wrote last week's most-viewed health story, "in defense of 75,000 dietitians"
trying to lose weight? check out 's bestdiets for weight loss:
all women (and men, for that matter) should lift weights, says . here's why:
10 foods that fight inflammation: by
too busy to exercise? 9 time hacks to solve that problem: by
hospitals like are using data to improve patient satisfaction. explains how:
help! my child is "failing to thrive."
spring clean your home & your health with these seasonal tips:
a copd diagnosis doesn't mean kissing travel goodbye. it means planning & trouble-shooting.
who said sunday brunch has to be bacon & eggs? 3 easy, plant-based breakfast ideas.
what's the deal with repealtheseal? read on. nutrition
what to eat before you run: sundayrunday
midwifery clinics are on the rise. what's the appeal?
should you strength train for a 5k?
what is the child nutrition act and why should you care? let explain:
most of 's weekend meal prep is planning and packing school lunches. more tips from dietitians here:
whole grain chardonnay mustard, basil citrus beef jerky and other hot (and natural!) foods:
should you supplement your workouts with salt?
so long, complicated birth control prescription access. hello, future of birth control!
hack your grocery store trip for efficiency with 's genius tip:
shake it on. shake, shake it on. reports on salt's benefits for (sweaty) athletes:
what are the hottest natural food trends? hint: cold coffee, coconut & more via
is your kid just small – or "failing to thrive?" parenting
a frightening condition no one's talking about:
7.4 million patients will lose healthcare if community health centers lose funding, reports.
want good eyes? eat good food! 13 foods that do your eyes good:
if you think it's too hard to travel on oxygen, these people w/ copd show how it's done:
we've been told to avoid salt, but now it's a hot workout supplement. what gives?
what's it like to travel with copd? for one, it's possible reports.
signed up for a 5k? don't forget to strength train, says. runchat running
the nursing workforce is growing, but the profession's future is uncertain, reports
coconut products, dips, glutenfree oh my! reveals the 7 hottest natural food trends
did you know nut milks have little to know protein? the nutritional breakdown of milk alternatives:
20-somethings don't have hip replacements, right? wrong.
do you have a kid who's raised eyebrows because he or she seems "too young to run?" message me for a story. runchat
are you a sleep-talker? explains what that says about you:
is your child 'failing to thrive'? don't panic. but read this:
eating fiber-fortified foods for constipation isn't doing you any good. 3 other "healthy habits" that aren't:
44% of adults are more afraid of vision loss than alzheimer’s, parkinson’s or heartdisease. how to protect yours:
is alcoholicsanonymous an effective program for recovery? some say it lacks evidence: addiction
a bunch of dietitians are angry. explains why:
if you're trying to stay sober, you may want to abstain from aa, one author suggests:
will going organic help you lose weight? breaks it down, one calorie at a time:
28 people test positive for tuberculosis at kansas school
"the one trick you need to know to grocery shop faster, cheaper and more effectively" by
listen up, women: better protection and better sex is in your future. womenshealth birthcontrol
what is the child nutrition act – and why should you care? explains:
soy, coconut or almond? your simple milk-choosing guide by
what are you doing for colorectal cancer awareness month? step one: reading this story by
there's no cure for osteoarthritis, but it can be treated. here's how:
if a friend, colleague or family member loses weight, don't say these 10 things: via
"4 ways you're shooting yourself in the foot (nutritionally speaking)" by
what is "failure to thrive" and what should you do if your child is labeled that? parenting
why dietitians are protesting 's apparent endorsement of kraft singles: repealtheseal via
how do dietitians meal prep? asked them.
young and hip: total hip replacements in 45- to 54-year-olds increased 205% in 10 years, reports
breast-fed babies grow up to be smarter, richer adults, study says.
in defense of 75,000 dietitians – who are protesting the “kids eat right” logo on kraft singles. r…
green beer yesterday, water, bananas and pretzels today. 10 ways to cure a hangover:
coconut, almond, soy or cow's? breaks down the nutrition in each milk:
planning spring travel? pack these healthy, ready-to-go snacks:
how bad is beer – and is green beer any worse? answers:
what's the leading cause of disability among the 65-and-older crowd?
inflammation: the driver of obesity and depression?
insured – and lacking medical care? it happens. a lot. has the story:
go ahead, have a shamrock shake today. but try these green smoothie recipes tomorrow.
next challenge: finding someone who's allergic to marijuana. if you know anyone (or where to find them), let me know!
eat green this st. patty's day with these 9 unusual uses for avocados. yum!
how to make sure your springbreak is more sun and less pain:
vermont is most introverted, nevada's most extroverted. what's your state's most common personality? via
obamacare is responsible for the largest reduction in uninsured people in decades, reports
go green (and red and orange) for st. patty's day with these colorful mood-boosting foods:
healthy eating myths: how many have you fallen for? via
celebrating st. patty's with potatoes? gets the scoop on whether your body will thank you:
latest: 16.4 million have gained health insurance under obamacare. if that's you: share experience with !
what's it like to live with osteoarthritis?
quinoa 101: what it is and how to cook it:
sleep talking: just plain funny – or something more?
when your heart fails, you can still succeed in managing it. shares how:
how many of these healthy eating myths have you fallen for?
5 ways to save on your weight loss goals by
what's hot and not in fitness? chris jordan of the 7-minute workout weighs in:
avoid a springbreak nightmare – stay healthy with these 5 tips from
is going organic worth the cost when it comes to weight loss?
meeting for dinner in the tower of babel via
don't be one of those people who gets sick on springbreak. offers prevention tips.
depressed because you're obese, or obese because you're depressed?
11 foods surprisingly high in added sugar:
today's discussions about nutrition have some of the same downfalls as the tower of babel, says
how should you recognize colorectal cancer awareness month? protect your health with a plant-based diet:
attention runners: you'll want to know about this new approach to treating ruptured achilles: running
will going organic help you lose weight?
“i don’t have to allow stigma to determine the outcome of my life.” -
are mentalhealth wellness programs the next big thing in corporate america? business
5 surprising new approaches to food allergy prevention, diagnosis and treatment:
you knew too much sun & smoking age you, but did you know allergies can too?
we like good news! surveillance data show cancer is increasingly becoming a chronic disease.
"it’s so important for educators to show students that exercise can be fun."
the term "heart failure" can be hard to hear, but people are resilient.
everyone ages, but not everyone does it with gusto. here's how:
yum! 6 (healthier) recipes for piday:
are potatoes an unhealthy carb or healthy veggie?
how does a regular apple compare to an organic one in terms of nutrients & calories?
“you're going to take more care of yourself, pay more attention & maybe work a little harder." diabetes exercise
why aren't we attracted to sound nutrition advice? bo-ring. via
the biggest way to help yourself if you have heart failure is ______.
need an energy boost? try some hemp seeds, quinoa or kale says:
will going organic help you lose weight? the answer:
will going organic help you lose weight? explores:
multiple personalities make for a good movie character, but what's the condition like in real life? mentalhealth
beat the 3 p.m. slump without napping under your desk:
moms and dads: have you ever sent your kids to a chicken pox party, or know someone who has? writing a story.
12 spring superfoods, from leeks to beets
for all those marathon runners whose winters derailed their training plans:
.'s dr. timothy miller on a new approach to treating ruptured achilles heels: running
it sure ain't sexy, but sound nutrition advice really hasn't changed, says
doctors in south africa perform world's first successful penis transplant:
from the archives: here's what the government thought was a healthy meal in 1969:
diagnosed with heart failure? on how to succeed:
is cancer becoming more of a chronic disease than a death sentence? reports:
an antibiotic-resistant bacteria may be spreading in more hospitals than patients know, reports:
don't let a type 1 diabetes diagnosis derail your fitness. do take 's advice on how to exercise safely:
trendy workout yoga classes often leaves students unsatisfied, injured & seeking more, says
5 reasons you should chew your food:
too much sleep -- and other surprising things that age you: aging
the median annual phys ed budget for u.s. schools is only $764 per school
hate running? 7 ways not to: via
anyone got a good "i got sick on vacation" horror story? email me!
what you need to know about dissociative identity disorder before watching "the crowded room"
why is sarah haskins of detoxing for 30 days? let her explain:
fighting childhood obesity starts in schools, says 's david feinberg.
what's hot (and not) in fitness?
6 excuses your fitness instructor is really tired of hearing: via
"don't let anyone tell you that the penis isn't connected to the heart." ed
how to spring clean your budget – starting with your health:
playgrounds: the cheap & effective alternative to a gym. via
feeling old? here are 7 surprising things that age you: via
overtesting for food allergies can often indicate an allergy where none actually exists. what to know:
have you heard that diet soda is bad for weightloss? it's a myth, says
what the heck are macronutrients & how important are they really anyway? has the scoop:
"to say yoga only a workout is like saying music is only a sound." -
pro athletes & have t1 diabetes. what you should know before exercising post-diagnosis:
did you know allergies can make you look older? 6 other things that age you:
10 ways to stay in shape on a budget:
students: what are you eating for lunch in the cafeteria today? share a photo with using the hashtag schoollunch.
have you fallen for any of these 4 healthy eating myths?
breakfast ideas for vegetarians, glutenfree dieters, paleo followers, vegans & more:
what are the country's best medical schools? look no further than 's bestgradschool's rankings:
“medical homes focus on patients even when they’re not present at the office."
which alternative medicine treatments are covered by insurance?
how is 's life different from someone's w/out hiv? "it's not," she told
5 reasons you should chew your food. my latest on mindfuleating ...
for national women & girls hiv/aids awareness day, read one woman's story.
does daylight saving time have you sleepy? here are 10 ways to get more zzzs:
what's it like to be a woman with hiv? tells her story to nwgha…
did you know? babies with early signs of food allergies don’t necessarily need to avoid allergenic foods.
how bad can exercise addiction really be?
financial worries linked to rising suicide rate among baby boomers
your mom said it once, we'll say it again. chew. your. food. here's why:
so excited to be featured in rdchat don’t skip the veggies during winter!
this dog can smell if you have thyroid cancer:
the dl on exercise addiction + how bad for you it really is:
how to eat healthy-ish on vacation (and still have fun)
how to turn your child into a raging narcissist:
before you consent to that ct scan, experts say you should ask:
the top 10 diets for your heart:
is a medical home in your future?
is exercise addiction really so bad?
"7 reasons you're so sensitive to caffeine" via
histrionic personality disorder, or just a drama queen?
what's in, what's out, and what's the plain ol' same with the dietaryguidelines.
getting a massage this weekend? do it for medicine:
"call women crazy, but a more accurate descriptor might simply be 'not men.'"
how much do macronutrients – fat, protein and carbs – really matter?
could eggs be the perfect food? thinks so.
why are more boomers committing suicide? finances could be to blame.
what's the perfect bedtime? has the answer via
why did one nursing home inspector become the state's ombudsman? finds out.
is it time to break up with eggs – or get back together?
most people's fridges are 8 to 10 degrees off the ideal temp. how can you tell? via
before you consent to that ct scan, experts say you should ask:
is sleep talking a sign of a disorder, or just plain funny?
do you talk in your sleep? tells you why.
ladies: your moodiness is a good thing, reports
what questions must you ask when you're choosing a nursing home?
march is 's national nutrition month. says to take bite-sized steps into healthier choices: http:/…
some 75 million ct scans are done annually in the u.s. – what's the risk-benefit balance?
suicide rates for adults ages 40 and 64 have climbed about 40 percent since 1999. this might be why.
6 decisions to make before you die:
brighten up your mood through your plantbased plate. on how to do it:
why you need carbs, protein, and fat at every meal:
"the biggest fear in nursing homes is retaliation" says one ombudsman.
it's national nutrition month, and knows exactly how to take a bite-sized step in.
suicide rates for seniors are often linked to financial hardships, new research shows:
7 red flags to watch for when choosing a nursing home:
the decision on whether million of americans lose health insurance could hinge on two justices, reports:
the norwegians & minnesotans don't give up on seasonal produce during the winter, so why should you?
yikes! rising suicide rates among seniors is tied to financial worries. money aging depression
if you broke up with eggs, it's time to get back together, says
how ranks the best nursing homes:
why one woman calls being in a nursing home like being on vacation: ttp://ow.ly/jxw99 bestnursinghomes
when and how often you step on that scale (& what kind if is) matter. how to do it right:
. launches the best nursing homes 2015! here's what you need to ask before choosing one:
ditch the measuring cups and scales, and remember this tip instead: via weightloss
if your "nutritionist" says any of these 5 things, run:
i talked to one man who talked in his sleep and said things too inappropriate to tweet.
eggs get a raise while meat gets demoted in the new dietaryguidelines, reports
what the new dietary guidelines mean for you:
"moodiness isn’t a weakness, it isn’t pathology to be stuffed down." moodybitches
how to talk so your doctor will listen - my latest for and medicine
how to prep your kitchen for the winter weather: by
how to weigh yourself the right way via fitfluential
don't trust the sniff test! how to really tell if you should eat or toss that food via
why do people talk in their sleep? has the answers:
women are moody - and that's a good thing, says . here's why:
what do the new dietary guidelines mean for you? tells it to you straight:
winter is no excuse to forget about your veggies, says
could you be more clever when you talk in your sleep? explores for
new study shows biological differences in people with chronic fatigue syndrome: via cfs
"never underestimate the power of [doctor-patient] communication that's not necessarily face-to-face"
"7 tips for healthy (enough) eating on vacation" by springbreak
before you reach for that fiber bar, consider this: "adequate fiber intake is a means to an end, not the end itself."
"why 10 p.m. is the perfect bedtime" via sleep
do you eat when you're bored? stop it. here's how:
“if i knew a kid who was socially anxious, i would say, ‘you should do improv.’”
"we are human – food and sex are awesome. enjoy it." –
"8 ways to burn calories this winter – no treadmill required" via
step away from the fiber bar, says , and toward the oatmeal & berries.
"how new able accounts will help americans with disabilities" via
"some people have long hair, some people have short hair, and some people have no hair" – h hairloss
"how to talk so your doctor will listen" by
"there’s no good reason...to eat a fiber bar, apart from the stranded-on-a-desert-island scenario."
everything you need to know about health insurance & your taxes via
how not to turn to food when you're bored, by
one dietitian's rant against the fiber bar: by
add a pillow, hydrate & 11 other ways to beat a cold:
if you want to avoid bloating, avoid these foods:
which diets are best for your heart? here are the top 10.
you've heard of helicopter parenting, but what about being a helicopter child?
the good & the bad of 's report on chronic fatigue syndrome: cfs
how can you tell a registered dietitian from a quack? lists 5 things the former would never say.
is your financial situation causing your depression – or vice versa?
currently trending in when your eating disorder doesn't have a name nedawareness
did you know? 40 & of people with hair loss are women. alopeciaareata femalehairloss
"the most (and least) addictive foods, according to science" via
when is it ok to call in sick? breaks down the decision via
a real dietitian would never say these 5 things – so if you hear them, run. via
another (very good) reason to get your vitamin d.
everything you need to know about taxes & health insurance via
the future of male birth control:
5 things a dietitian would never say:
what's missing from the new report on chronicfatiguesyndrome? cfs
the case for eating more plants.
10 habits to help you be a healthier, happier cook: cooking
ever try (or even heard of) rambutan, kiwano or durian? why you should. fruit
why you should weigh yourself on monday (& other scale tips.)
in defense of the dietaryguidelines:
10 exotic fruits you have to try via
did you go vegetarian and *gain* weight? 5 reasons why.
5 myths about women weightlifters:
study: nearly 20 percent of hysterectomies performed to treat noncancerous conditions are unnecessary.
go ahead, give into those cravings, says . here's what they're telling you:
"doctors underutilize [alternatives to hysterectomies] and it is a disservice to women.”
to take supplements or to not take supplements? that's the question –and has the answer.
"if there's a future for male birth control, it’s a long time coming."
what are the best diets for your heart? asks experts to rank the top 10:
implants, gels, pills, oh my! we're talking about the future of male birth control.
what's the difference between a family caregiver and a "helicopter child?"
which scale is more accurate: your digital scale or the doc's balance beam one?
no "plan b" if supreme court rules against obamacare? yup.
attention runners! could artificial cartilage be the answer to your knee problems?
the top 10 diets for your heart: hearthealth
what's "regularly" when it comes to weighing yourself? (& other scale questions)
“kids are more afraid of being fat than they are of war and terrorism.” how schools are helping change that.
how to detox the healthy (i.e. food-based) way:
think twice before scheduling that hysterectomy. womenshealth
you're doing it all wrong. via
conquer your fruit fear with these 10 exotic treats:
artificial cartilage: a new treatment for meniscus injuries? running
66% of men said they'd be willing to take a birth control pill. will they get the chance?
is there a "right" way to weigh yourself? asks the experts.
great article - the dark link between financial stress and depression
10 ways to get more sleep:
don't let the cold, dark days keep you from yoga. let them inspire you!
are you a helicopter child to your aging parents?
yikes! hhs doesn't have a backup plan if the supreme court rules against obamacare, reports.
where's the line between a flair for drama and a mentalhealth condition? breaks it down.
why you might not need that hysterectomy, after all: womenshealth
are more male birth control options on the horizon?
you've heard of helicopter parents, but are you a "helicopter child" to your aging parents?
call it stir craziness, cabin fever or snow rage, here's how to cope:
quiz: how much do you know about plant-based diets? eatplants
what are the best diets for hearthealth? lists the top 10: ornish vegan vegetarian
are finances fueling your depression, or is depression worsening your financial situation?
"it’s time to kick our addiction to meat, because it’s killing us – and our planet." -
think you're just not into fruit? you haven't tried the good stuff, says .
the 2015 dietary guidelines report says to get meat off our plates. on why this is really good news: http:…
. tells us why she's happy she ditched her vegan lifestyle & listened to her cravings:
in my latest ... i look at the “dark link” between money stress and depression.
scared of detoxing? if you do it right, you don't have to be says
when attention seeking goes beyond being a drama queen/king:
it's nedaweek – but not every eating disorder has a name.
want to lose weight and lower cholesterol? try 1 of the 10 best heart-healthy diets: bestdiets
"the link between financial stress & depression" by
great story by on the medicaid enrollment surge across the u.s. via
vitamin d deficiency appears to increase your risk of type 2 diabetes – no matter your weight.
it's still hearthealth month! "the 10 best heart-healthy diets" by
is she just a drama queen – or is it histrionic personality disorder?
thinking about a detox? shares 4 tips for doing it the solid food-based way:
it's eating disorder awareness week. did you know osfed & ufed are more common than anorexia and bulimia?
"strictly speaking, most of us don't need supplements at all."
goodbye “one-size-fits-all” diet, hello plant-based eating patterns. dietaryguidelines eatplants
want to adopt but deterred by expenses? consider being a foster parent first. via adoption
“we could really put a dent into eating disorders if more schools took action.” nedawareness eatingdisorders
can carbs fit into a healthy diet? asks
should you try a juice cleanse?
is your child bullied because of his or her allergies? how to deal.
news flash: lack of vitamin d may raise your diabetes risk more than obesity, reports
are you a woman who's struggled with hair loss? i'd love to hear your story. email .
did you know? sleeping an extra hour each night is linked to a $6,000 salary boost.
train your brain to tame your appetite, says
which supplements do you really need? breaks it down:
2 perspectives on the new dietary guidelines: pros via & cons via
5 healthy habits for happy hearts:
"how to give into your cravings without shame" by our newest blogger,
feeding babies peanuts might actually help *prevent* allergies, study finds.
cold? hit the sauna! new research suggests it could lengthen your life, too:
build your "hunger tolerance" & other ways to use your brain to tame your appetite:
are benzodiazepines (xanax, valium, etc.) more helpful or harmful? anxiety
celebrating meatlessmonday? don't make these 5 vegetarian eating mistakes.
"12 habits of people who never get tired" via
"i can’t keep counting calories because i’m living in a jail made of numbers.’” nedawareness
. says "kid food" should be eliminated – and his son raps about it.
are you a parent who has hosted a chickenpox party or had your child attend one? would love to hear from you for a …
5 fatty foods you can still enjoy (hint: bacon)
did you know? most people w/ eating disorders don't have anorexia or bulimia. a look at the "others" nedawareness
attn: health writers! is looking for a reporter to cover conditions and patients.
in defense of the new dietaryguidelines: by
“kids are more afraid of being fat than they are of war and terrorism.”
dietitian, nutritionist, health coach -- what's the difference?
"there’s no link between the mmr vaccine and autism," says dr. anne schuchat from . "vaccines are safe and effective…
america's dietary guidelines should take a cue from brazil & consider the big picture, says
tackling eating disorders with school-based initiatives: nedawareness
want to tame your hunger? start with your brain, says.
"10 foods that boost your energy" by
want a prescription for optimal health? try a plant-based diet: eatplants
should you try a juice cleanse?
here's a diet that works, but no one talks about it. explores what's up with dash:
7 wacky celebrity diet & weight-loss tricks: oscars redcarpet
sorry, but going vegetarian doesn't mean you can eat all the cheese all the time, says.
why 10,000 steps a day won't make you thin.
what "gone girl" does & doesn't tell us about mentalillness: oscars
pharmacist-recommended cough, cold & allergy medicines:
can dietary changes improve erectile dysfunction?
if you're a parent concerned about antivaxxers in your community
turn heavy cream into whipped cream for a lighter treat, says
huge medical bill? you may have been "balance billed." knows how to tell & what to do.
10 foods that boost your energy via
got snow rage? it's real. here's how to deal:
how do the celebs prepare for the oscars? 7 wacky tricks:
you vaccinate your kids, they don't. how to deal with them tactfully?
women's public enemy no. 1: heart disease: hearthealth
ever heard of back pain "boot camp"?
going vegetarian isn't always healthier -- unless you avoid these 5 mistakes:
manage your stress, exercise & know your family history for top-notch hearthealth
don't let the weather ruin your fitness routine! try these apps instead:
butter, bacon and even mayo aren't off-limits, says dietitian . hallelujah!
huge medical bill? how to tell if you've been "balanced billed" via
7 ways to ease back pain naturally:
bringing up vaccinations -- diplomatically -- as a parent:
are you a vegetarian? don't make these 5 mistakes, says
pharmacy deserts: another way your address may affect your health
the parents' guide to dealing with anti-vaxxers:
are you living in a pharmacy desert?
"heart disease: women's public enemy no. 1" by hearthealth
are xanax, valium & other benzodiazepines more helpful or harmful? anxiety
5 fatty foods (and we mean fatty!) you can still enjoy, according to bacon mmm
what are the best heart-healthy diets? hearthealth bestdiets2015
is it a cold or the flu? how to tell & how to treat.
diets that tell you what not to eat go against all behavioral science logic, says .
got sad? 8 ways to feel better via depression
don't just sit there! (but don't just stand there, either.) what to know about standingdesks
"[babies are] doing little science experiments in the bath tub trying to figure out how the world works.” ​
dyk your address may affect your health? via
fact: excessive snow leads to snow rage. watch out, boston!
"5 foods to fight the winter blues" by
asthma or copd – or all of the above? here's how to tell.
for those with cabin fever -the best fitness apps for when you’re stuck indoors
benzodiazepines (like xanax & valium) help control anxiety, but can be habit-forming.
you've heard of food deserts. now explores pharmacy deserts.
stuck inside? try these 8 fitness apps.
don't drink your energy, eat it! suggests these 10 foods:
which hotels rise above when it comes to fitness & nutrition? +
5 healthy habits for happy hearts: hearthealth
should a woman be allowed to sign up for health insurance when she becomes pregnant? now she can't.
fined for having obese kids? in some parts of the world, it may happen.
relax! it's doctor's orders. kristin fawcett explores the health benefits of massage: c
fitness goes hand in hand w/travel thanks to unique hotel wellbeing programs via
ditch the coupons & try this grocery scanning apps instead: via
before you take a pill, try lifestyle changes to improve erectile dysfunction. ed
is it asthma of copd? the differences aren't always clear-cut. on how to tell:
anti-vaxxers aren't just in the u.s., reports vaccines
when is surgery the best option for spinal stenosis?
in the final day of second open enrollment they had more sign up than any day last year, says . obamacare
reinforcing healthy behavior (& ignoring unhealthy behavior) works. diets do the opposite.
fitness goes hand in hand w/travel at hotels like
bath time for babies is cute, but it has developmental benefits, too. parenting
this year, the federal government will reconsider the child nutrition act. on what's at stake:
is it asthma or copd? breaks it down.
fitness & nutrition at hotels have gotten a serious upgrade. has the scoop:
"hot oatmeal w/ mango mousse & raspberries" & 2 other plant-based breakfast ideas:
your kids are in bed for enough hours, but are they actually sleeping? sleep
people are having sex after heart bypass surgery, and is on it:
attention procrastinators! some people might get an extension on the deadline for health insurance sign-ups:
which is worse: fat or sugar?
sex after heart bypass surgery: the ‘zipper’ on your chest should stay zipped, but not your clothes.
if winter is your allergy season, has survival tips for you.
some "motivational" fitness phrases & images are just the opposite.
maybe you don't need a pill for erectile dysfunction after all.
is your diet ruining your dating life? has 7 tips to keep both on track.
why older adults should double their protein intake for better health:
on her new weight-loss study – and why diets shouldn't tell you what not to eat.
are you making these 4 standing desk mistakes?
why diets shouldn't tell you what not to eat, by
feeling crabby? maybe it's snow rage. here's how to cope.
can dietary changes improve erectile dysfunction? says yes!
what not to say to someone with an eating disorder:
what's the difference between bdsm & what's portrayed in 50shades of grey?
how to pick the best diet for you.
what are the best hospitals in washington dc?
how to ignite your yoga practice in the dead of winter:
did you know a little 8-ounce steak has all the protein you need for the day?
a fine for obesity? it might happen in puerto rico.
are docs performing unnecessary heart procedures?
what are the best diets for healthy eating?
why you should fall for cocoa (& 6 delicious ways to eat it!)
5 things to do when healthy resolutions fail:
sleep-starved kids: the dangers of catching too few winks:
massage: just a nice treat -- or a legit therapy?
why older adults should double their protein intake:
eat chocolate like the nutritionists! their favorite ways to take it here:
is sex after heart surgery ok? answers questions patients may not want to ask the doc
how to call a truce & build a healthy relationship with food:
if i weren't a vegetarian, i'd try this cocoa steak rub recipe: via
how can you tell if your kid is getting enough sleep?
the anatomy of a broken heart:
surprise your honey with a cocoa-rubbed steak tonight!
is your relationship making you fat?
spice up your valentine's day with these 5 aphrodisiacs:
"lots of people read things that sound sexy in fantasy, but are not so safe or fun in reality." 50shadesofgrey
"the 5 best foods for a breakup" from
everything you need to know about male infertility from
fall in love with cocoa with these creative combos from chocolate
on getting safely 'unzipped' after heart bypass surgery:
how can you tell if your kid is sleeping enough?
when is sex safe after heart bypass surgery? has the dirty details.
hate exercise? then you must hate sex too, one expert argues.
should you get surgery for spinal stenosis?
more steak for grandma! new study finds older adults should double their protein intake:
planning to see "50shades of grey" tonight? learn the truth about bdsm first: ttp://ow.ly/j0gbc
massage as medicine? how the technique is used to treat back pain & other issues.
6 uses for unsweetened cocoa from
go to bed! your salary could get a boost:
"it would be bad enough if we were doing this to ourselves. we are doing this to [our children." -
got allergies, celiac or following paleo? don't let your diet hold back your dating!
if you get your honey a massage for valentinesday, you may be helping their health, too.
is that cardiac procedure really necessary?
"honey, turn on the keurig!" you'll enjoy 's piece for us on aphrodisiacs:
how to eat chocolate like a nutritionist: yum
"too dark and cold" is why you should be doing yoga in the winter, not an excuse.
is your home a refuge from allergies – or the source?
we're hiring a patient advice reporter! journalismjobs jobs journalism
how to cope with a breakup on valentine's day:
is massage a legit treatment for some medical conditions?
how much protein do you really need & what foods are best? breaks it down.
when is surgery the best option for spinal stenosis?
meanwhile, don't read this one (on household mold) until after lunch.
"why 10,000 steps a day won't make you thin" by
sent home too soon? explores the art of hospital discharge:
heal your heart with these 5 (healthy) foods:
incredible data dive by . are doctors exposing heart patients to unnecessary cardiac procedures? http:…
are some docs regularly performing unnecessary cardiac procedures? investigates:
did you know that "broken heart syndrome" is an actual medical condition?
nearly half of couples' infertility problems involve the man.
it's not just you: way more people are doing yoga these days, a survey finds.
before you have that angioplasty, read this by in
got indoor allergies? here's the moldy truth about 'em.
embrace the cold, dark winter – and embrace yoga, says:
the anatomy of a broken heart: heartbreak valentinesday
exclusive: are doctors performing too many angioplasties? you be the judge:
"10 ways nutritionists enjoy chocolate" by
how to be more mindful at work: mindfulness careeradvice
how much does timing of meals matter for weightloss?
it's official: pretty much everyone does yoga, new survey finds.
"be a job crafter" & 3 other healthtips for thriving at work:
5 ways to save on your weightloss goals:
some "inspirational" fitness messages go too far. fitspo
where does that urine sample go? goes behind the scenes of hospital labs:
"if you were able to vaccinate every single male, then [hpv] wouldn't be a problem."
want to lower your risk of all major chronic diseases by 80%? do these 4 things.
want to avoid heartbreak this valentine's day? try starting with your diet.
scientists have answered the most important question of modern times:
infertility isn't always a women's issue, reports:
learn the difference between bdsm & ipv before watching "50 shades of grey"
cancer, ms & crohn's are treated best w/ biologics. but they can cost more than $45k a year.
single with food restrictions? this one's for you: "how to date on a diet" by
how realistic (or not) are those testosterone treatment commercials, anyway?
get paid to sleep! just 1 more hour a night can boost your earnings 16%
it's not you, it's the diet! 4 reasons why diets don't work:
news flash: hpv vaccine doesn't lead to riskier sex for women, reports
5 foods that won't break your heart:
avatar mice are advancing cancer therapies + it's pretty cool:
why recover from surgery slowly & in pain when you can do it the european way?
avatar mice: advancing cancer therapies via
missed the redheartchat? here's the experts' advice on preventing heartdisease in women:
4 healthy strategies to thrive at work instead of burning out:
17% of americans believe they can't do anything to lower their cancer risk. they're wrong.
who knew? red peppers have 3x more vitamin c than oranges. more food tricks we fall for:
6 diet tips for business travelers:
how to keep your dating life spicy w/out derailing your diet: (thanks )
quality sleep is a secret to success
how proper sleep spells success. my latest for and
turns out, food can help heal a broken heart. the 5 best foods for a breakup:
fitspo = more harm than good?
we know what works to prevent chronic diseases. why aren't we doing it? 's take:
did you know that the hpv vaccine is approved for men? i did not! why don't we vaccinate men more? story coming later toda…
want to make an extra $6k this year? study says: get an extra hour of sleep each night! success
how to date on a diet: dieting dating
when fitspiration backfires:
how to turn your mondays from manic to marvelous: mondayfunday
did you get dressed in the dark? just one of the ways you're waking up wrong.
should you treat your low testosterone? menshealth
getting fit this year? 4 traps not to fall for.
should you jump on the bone broth bandwagon?
8 questions to ask before hip replacement surgery:
fresh, frozen, canned or dried? how to pick produce like a dietitian:
do you know what a health coach is? let explain.
for 5 years, experts have ranked dash diet no. 1. but it's still "obscure."
do you know what causes cancer? if so, you're doing better than most americans.
how food can spice up your sex life this valentine’s day valentinesday
prostate cancer treatment: surgery or radiation?
stop clipping coupons, and start doing this when grocery shopping:
ice cream is ok, but so are salmon and almonds. the 5 best foods for a breakup via
see how your stress levels stack up against most americans:
is it really dementia? maybe not.
5 foods to spice up your love life:
we (of course) love this story: confession: i hate exercise. (read to see why.)
"4 healthy strategies to thrive at work" by
a detailed look at the mumps portion of the mmr vaccine: measles
3 tips for finding your most effective workout:
sent home too soon? the method behind the madness of hospital discharge: healthcare
are the risks of testosterone treatment worth it? menshealth
sick of clipping coupons? 11 other ways to save at the grocery store:
biologics can treat cancer & autoimmune diseases. but their costs are prohibitive, reports
what's the opposite of burnout? thriving! how to do that at work.
don't get heartbroken and fat, here are the 5 best foods for a breakup:
"the 5 best foods for a breakup" by
looking for a nursing home resident to interview about his/her experience there; or a family member. email: kcrane…
is your low testosterone worth treating?
we've ranked the dash diet no. 1 year after year. why does no one know what it is?
thank you! this cause is very close to my heart and all women should know the risks, glad to be involved! redheartchat
thank you to everyone for joining us today for this redheartchat! we hope you will continue to spread the message.
women are strong. we are smart. we solve problems. women can do anything men can do redheartchat
thanks for participating in redheartchat! follow nhlbi all year-long for tips on improving heart health
thanks for a great, informative chat. happy wearredday! -- the health team. redheartchat
a special thank you to for joining us! we hope you watch her rock the runway at the red dress collection! re…
a9: share your goredselfie to support the movement to end heart disease and stroke in women redheartchat
a9: february is national heart month and there are ways to get involved all month long redheartchat
a9: clinicaltrials r always looking for healthy volunteers. improve research, get involved in health! re…
q9: what community programs or events are you involved in? what heart healthy resources do you use? redheartchat
a8: lead by example. getting heart healthy starts w/ you. talk to your doctor about your risks & encourage those around you redh…
a8: get the facts on heart disease and how you can prevent it. redheartchat
a8: make heart health a family affair! talk w/ your loved ones about heart disease and make lifestyle changes to stay he…
a8: heart health must begin at a young age. creating habits early will only improve your chances of retaining a healthy life…
q8: how can we get involved and spread the message of a heart-healthy lifestyle with the women (and men) in our life? redheartchat
a7: women can be active at any age. get creative and fun tips for adults ages 50+ from . r…
a7: my schedule is very busy but i exercise regularly and love to set goals and challenges for a 30-day period of time! red…
a7: in addition, staying active reduces coronary heart disease in women by 30-40 percent! that is a big difference! red…
a7: exercising helps reduce blood pressure, lose weight, boosts energy, improves cholesterol levels & helps manage stres…
a7: following a healthy diet isn't enough! physical inactivity alone increases your heart disease risk. redheartchat ht…
q7: we know exercise is important. how does it improve heart health and what are tips to stay active with a busy schedule? redheartchat
a6: drink more water & less sugary drinks when you’re thirsty. more tips on smart drinking: redheart…
a6: foods equal in fiber and sugar help your body metabolize fat in a healthy way and create lasting energy for your bo…
a6: it’s not always about saying no to certain foods, it’s about saying yes to moderation! redheartchat
a6: nih is seeing if we can reprogram the brain to curb sugar cravings. check out post: redh…
a6: watch out for portion distortion! many foods have a lot more calories now than you think: re…
a6: i love cooking with fish. it’s so good for you and you can cook it so many different, healthy ways! redheartchat
q6: heart-healthy eating can be tough. how do you encourage your family to eat heart healthy? what tips do you have? redheartchat
a5: you might also find new activities to replace smoking. try taking a brisk walk during your old smoke breaks. redheartch…
a5: whichever path you take, you will receive many health benefits including a healthier heart! redheartchat
a5: focus on the benefits of quitting—like money saved, and better health. redheartchat
a5: talking w/a professional can help you quit smoking. get the help by calling 1-800-quit-now or at redhe…
q5: quitting smoking can be hard to do. for those trying to stick to 2015 resolutions what are some ways to quit? redheartchat
a4: also, women who smoke have a 25% higher risk of developing heart disease as compared to men who smoke redheartchat
a4: smoking raises your blood pressure which puts stress on your heart, causing your heart to weaken. redheartchat
a4: and smoking increases your risk of suffering a heart attack—a lot. redheartchat
a4: it may surprise you to learn that smoking increases the risk of heart disease and stroke by 2 to 4 times. redheartc…
q4: smoking is a known risk factor. how badly does smoking increase your risk of heart disease? redheartchat
a3: having an open conversation with your doctor will also help you set and achieve goals to improve your health. redheartc…
a3: the first step is to taking action is knowing your risk! know your numbers: bp, cholesterol, bmi, blood sugar. redh…
a3: sleep can impact your heart health. the aha recommends adults get 6-8 hours a night. are you getting enough? redhea…
a3 47% of sudden cardiac deaths occur outside a hospital. act on the warning signs: redheartchat
a3: eating whole foods, fruits and veggies with 150 minutes of exercise per week greatly reduces heart risk redheartchat
q3: what are ways to reduce your risk for heart disease and stroke? redheartchat
a2: of african-american women ages 20 and older, 48.9% have cardiovascular disease. yet, only 20% believe they are at r…
a2: & only 36% of african american women know it’s their 1killer, compared to 65% of caucasian women.
q2: who is most at risk for heart disease and stroke? redheartchat
a1 heart disease costs the us $108.9 billion annually w/ health care services, medications & lost productivity. redheartchat
a1: 1 in 3 women die each year of heart disease and stroke—80% of which are preventable with education and lifestyle cha…
. a1 we need to spread awareness so all women know the risk factors and warning signs of cardiovascular diseas…
a1: national wearredday is about much more than wearing red, it’s about making a change for your heart health and life …
a1: national wearredday was created to help raise awareness of heart disease as the 1 killer of american women. redhe…
q1: we are having this chat in support of national wearredday. what is the importance or significance of this day? redheartchat
finally, thank you to all those following along today! join in w/ questions and comments using redheartchat
lastly, we would like to thank our celebrity guest host, american chef and tv personality for joining us today! redheartchat
our co-hosts today are and redheartchat
today we have a number of experts, organizations and even a professional chef joining us to discuss heart health! redheartchat
welcome to the national wearredday® twitter chat! redheartchat
we're celebrating wearredday at ! join our redheartchat at 11 am et
heart disease = no. 1 killer of women in the us. join the redheartchat 11 am et today w/ to learn more.
i'm moderating the redheartchat today at 11 a.m. join us + , + more!
don't forget: redheartchat is happening today at 11am et! join the conversation as we discuss hearthealth w/ &
we're chatting with heart health experts today at 11amest. join us! redheartchat
celebrate nationalwearredday with a heart-healthy diet (try these: and join 's …
why start a diet you can't follow? we ranked the easiest here:
don't forget to wear red for hearthealth today!
should seniors follow the same healthy diet as their adult children?
if you're a parent, put these 5 childhood ailments on your radar: parenting
is it dementia or normal pressure hydrocephalus? aging memory
did you know? forced exercise has the same mentalhealth benefits as doing it voluntarily (in rats, at least):
fri @ 11 am et: join for a redheartchat.
are you wearing red tomorrow? let's talk. join us tomorrow at 11am est for a redheartchat
what's a patient navigator? has the scoop: patientnavigation cancer healthcare
eat + run!
our commitment to fight alzheimers has changed a lot in 20 years, but the budget hasn't.
are you eating too healthfully? it's possible.
more than 200 symptoms are associated with pms. are yours normal?
don't forget! tomorrow is "national wear red day" & the redheartchat @ 11am est!
no joke: the smell of licorice increases blood flow to the penis by 13%
"10 habits to help you be a happier, healthier cook" by cooking
news flash: 1 cup chopped red bell pepper has nearly 3x more vitamin c than an orange
morphine and kids don't mix. what does? parenting
health insurance company anthem has been hacked:
stressed about money? you're not alone - esp. if your family makes < $50k says
5-10% of people diagnosed w/ dementia might actually have a treatable condition, reports
study: more time in the kitchen = increased risk for heartdisease & diabetes. what's going on?
spice up your sex life with these 5 foods:
is your pms normal?
fasting 12 hours before colorectal surgery? old news!
what's for breakfast? 's tasty ideas for paleo, glutenfree, vegan, vegetarian & more:
do you hate exercise? then you must also hate sex, one expert says.
how music & acupuncture are helping to manage kids' pain: parenting
in honor of worldcancerday, reports on "7 innovations in cancer therapy"
confession: i hate exercise
this woman has lung cancer. she's never smoked. worldcancerday
americans’ stress has declined since 2007. $ = the top stressor
should restaurant employees be able to "opt out" of handwashing?
eating a sandwich & walking just a few hours after surgery? welcome to the european style of recovery.
10 questions to ask your doctor about prostate cancer: worldcancerday
it's worldcancerday, and reports that most americans don't know what causes cancer:
(some) good news on stress: it's declining, finds 's new stressinamerica survey.
should u.s. teens be allowed to turn down chemotherapy if they don't want it? worldcancerday
hate exercise? 4 tips to get moving if physical activity just isn't your thing.
what's a "health coach"? sarah haskins from breaks it down.
most americans don't know what causes cancer. do you? worldcancerday
"make breakfast, not war." 6 ideas from paleo glutenfree vegetarian
say "no" to small, achievable goals and "yes" to dreaming big, says
a healthy diet is good for more than our waistlines, says climatechange environment
teens & young adults now differ in amounts of recommended sleep. are you getting enough?
"10 ways to get more sleep" by
don't want to get a colonoscopy? you may not have to, reports
which is better: "whole grain" or "multigrain"?
from basic training to fashion fitness, what's the most effective workout for you?
have you dated on a diet, w/ food restrictions, or after giving up alcohol? i'd love to hear your story & advice!
are you getting enough sleep? breaks down the 's new guidelines:
if you're eating only with your mouth, you're missing out, says . how to engage all your senses.
my latest for and 6 ways to be your own health advocate health hea…
"how to lose 50 pounds without really trying." seriously.
welcome to the future: a diy, take-home coloncancer test named cologuard:
getting your hip replaced? make sure you ask these 8 questions: orthopaedics
how can you find the best workout for you? "7-minute workout" creator chris jordan has the answer:
"6 tips for safe and healthy online dating" bemine
know someone with an eating disorder? steer clear of stereotypes & nix shock and disgust.
what's it take to complete an ironman? this guy did it with prosthetic legs.
feeling sad? it's all punxsutawney phil's fault. how not to let winter get you down: groundhogday
dinner time! how to make your meals more exciting by engaging the senses.
"doctor's orders" are no longer the last word. how to advocate for yourself: healthcare
"8 questions to ask before hip replacement surgery" by
does microwaving food reduce its nutrient content?
the latest in leukemia research & treatment:
ironman & double amputee scott rigsby on how to achieve your fitness goals:
is your partner sabotaging your weightloss efforts? you're not alone.
why to keep eating plants through february – and throughout the year.
"6 ways to be your own health advocate" by
does eating celery really leave you in a calorie deficit? 6 food facts and myths:
where does that blood sample go after it's drawn from your arm? goes behind the scenes:
ranked the ornish diet no. 1 for hearthealth in 2015. is it for you?
got a sweet tooth? we've got 3 ways to tame it.
study: youth football & long-term brain damage go hand in hand. superbowl
is yoga the answer to the 's criminal culture?
are potatoes healthy, or just sugar in disguise?
how to eat like an athlete (not a couch potato) on game day: superbowl
5 comfort foods that are actually good for you:
superbowl snack swaps to keep your diet in check on game day: superbowlxlix
an nutritionist spills how much & what players eat: superbowl
is 2015 your year to shape up? avoid these 4 traps.
9 things to say and do if your daughter thinks she's fat: motherhood parenting
vegetarian v. traditional asian v. ornish? the top 5 plant-based diets:
diagnosed with prostate cancer? your surgery v. radiation decision guide:
your "what should i bring to the super bowl party" problem solved superbowl
more than 500 americans have been screened & tested negative for mers. what's with the new cdc advisory?
bad news for young tackle football players. concussion superbowl
blame your resolution, not you, if you can't keep it.
got sent home from the hospital too soon (or not soon enough)? here's why.
trying to get fit this year? don't fall for these pitfalls: via and
know someone who might have an eating disorder? here's what not to say:
what goes on in those hospital labs anyway? goes behind the scenes.
have you jumped on the bone broth bandwagon? evaluates the trend:
4 traps to avoid if you're aiming to get fit: by fitness
upgrade your toast, or start with a smoothie. other easy plant-based breakfast ideas:
are you among the 30 percent of americans who skimp on meds to save money?
before you and your (opposite sex) partner go on the same diet, read this:
avoid these 8 foods, avoid bloating:
got baby fever? eat these fertility-friendly foods:
fresh, frozen or canned? decodes the produce aisle:
don't compliment them or talk about food. what else you shouldn't say to people with eatingdisorders:
why a plant-based diet is your prescription for optimal health:
dietitian-approved wings, mozzarella sticks & nachos? yes please! superbowl
9 ways to respond to a child who thinks he or she is fat: parenting
sent home too soon? "the difficult art of hospital discharge" by healthcare
should your son play tackle football before age 12? all signs from this study point to "no way"
is the upcoming scotus case overshadowing obamacare's progress? reports:
what's the problem with a new device to fight obesity? let count the ways.
youth tackle football linked to brain damage in ex-nfl players.
"what not to say to someone with an eating disorder"
superbowl downer alert: "youth football linked to long-term brain damage in players"
cooking for the superbowl? make these swaps for a nutritional (and palatable) touchdown.
"how to be a supermarket sleuth: produce edition" by
is bone broth all hype, or do the health claims have merit? investigates:
what's for dinner? plants!
do you hate exercise? you've tried it all, but still, no endorphins? i want to talk to you!
just how far some people go to get their 10000steps a day:
did you know has "run concierges" & provides yoga mats? we like this trend! besthotels
what's the deal with this bone broth trend?
what do kim and kanye have to do with the power of the plantbased diet? well...
does your daughter think she's fat? 9 ways to respond:
your prostatecancer treatment guide: surgery or radiation?
will 2015 be the year for breakthroughs in leukemia treatment? explores what's new:
doug kept his leukemia on the down-low, until he couldn't. so he tried an experimental treatment: …
a man & his wife go on a diet. he loses weight, she gets gallstones. why?
one man's secret to a 100 lb weight loss? a plant-based diet:
is your old activity tracker collecting dust? give it new life with these 4 tips: wearabletech
prescription drugs in the u.s. can be up to 40% more expensive than in other countries. why?
"the truth about bone broth" explores the science behind the claims:
the calories you stir into your coffee count. how to order a healthy cup:
mentalhealth advocates rally behind 's bill:
hiit, & 7-minute workouts are in. but says that shouldn't push cardio out.
8 common digestive problems and how to heal them: gastro
got a-fib? you're not alone. here's how to live with it: hearthealth
5 childhood ailments all parents should have on their radar:
exercising on vacation? say hello to your "running concierge." besthotels15
whoops! looks like we thanked you via facebook. but the message is the same: thanks for all the rts!
today, antibiotics treat strep throat & ear infections. that may not always be the case.
have you given up on cardio in favor of hiit or crossfit? don't, says
snack time! how to enjoy it without derailing your diet:
how much do your chromosomes matter when it comes to weightloss?
are you exercising too much?
take the 52newfoods challenge & you might also lose weight, cook more and be healthier:
about 2.7 million americans have atrial fibrillation. how do they live with it?
now this puts the california measles outbreak into perspective.
is cardio dead? fitness
holed up in the east? so is this dietitian. how she prepared for blizzardof2015:
what's for breakfast? 3 easy plant-based ideas yum
what's really behind the measlesoutbreak? the anti-vaccination movement is only partially to blame:
battle of the sexes: diets edition. what are the bestdiets for men vs. women?
diseases, devices and delusions via
on antibiotics? take them with a side of probiotics, says . guthealth
if you're thinking snow, think food safety. 's guide to kitchen prep: blizzardof2015
you and your spouse have different bodies. so why wouldn't you have different diets?
would you (or do you) work out with your coworkers?
"snow rage" is a thing. take these steps to cope before it hits you: blizzardof2015
pharmaceutical companies have their share of critics. here's their side from
"fifth disease" & 4 other lesser-known ailments all parents should have on their radar: parenting
is a new stomach implant the answer to obesity? hardly, says
"3 easy plant-based breakfasts" from yum eatplants
can a new device implanted in the stomach treat obesity?
take a walk today! new research suggests it may save your life:
what's it like to volunteer for a clinical research trial?
5 extreme diets you shouldn't try:
you've heard about postpartum depression; this is postpartum anxiety: parenthood
what the heck is freekah, and why should you be eating it?
do you really need heart bypass surgery?
9 tricks that will help you stick to your diet: weightloss
confused about hipaa? decodes it in 10 slides:
what to do when a spouse is diagnosed with a critical illness:
the average american consumes 20 tsp of sugar a day. women aren't supposed have more than 6.
is this new device that's implanted in the stomach the answer to obesity?
should i limit my fruit intake?
is the hipster diet hypocritical? bacon beer
attention women: here's what you need to know about heart bypass surgery:
10 tips for eating more real food:
what's it like to live with seizures? epilepsy 101:
health doesn't have to cost a fortune. 5 ways to save on your weightloss goals:
what's the big deal with this whole30 craze?
do you have seasonal affective disorder? 8 ways to feel better now. depression
"visualize sugar content in teaspoons" & 2 other steps to tame your sweet tooth:
we're hiring! health wellness journalism jobs
yes, fruit has sugar. sugar's bad. does that make fruit bad? has the scoop:
when you eat matters. here's why:
is the gop waging a war on science?
woah: 73% of people with bipolar disorder are initially misdiagnosed.
epilepsy causes vary from person to person. more on
in sotu, obama had hospitals and doctors cheering, thanks to personalizedmedicine mt
you don't have to nix sugar entirely, but you sure can cut back, says
feeling forgetful? try a walnut, study suggests: memory
can an even stricter paleo diet help people with autoimmune disorders?
why the "calories in versus calories out" theory of weightloss is outdated:
. has condensed everything you need to know about hipaa into 10 slides:
your most useful guide of the day, courtesy of how to tame your sweet tooth in 3 steps.
what's it like to live with seizures? epilepsy
"how to tame your sweet tooth in 3 easy steps," by
could lifelong endurance exercise actually be bad for you?
screenings can help detect prostate cancer early. but then what? menshealth
feeling sleepy? you may be making one of these 7 common wake-up mistakes:
physical therapy red flag 1: a hot pack. other pt practices to question:
age is more than a number when it comes to diet. here are the best for seniors:
how to ensure health care providers honor your end-of-life wishes:
prostate cancer: to treat or not to treat? cancer
10 reasons to see a physician assistant:
"i shouldn't be eating this," "i can't help it" & 5 other things you should never say to yourself about food:
3 steps to clean up your pantry & your diet: dump simple sugars, saturated fat & enriched flours, says
want to get pregnant? eating certain foods could up your chances, reports: pregnancy fertility
have you and your (opposite sex) partner ever tried the same diet -- with different results? i want to hear your story!
"7 reasons you're waking up all wrong" & how to do it the expert-approved way, by sleep coffee
have you and your (opposite sex) partner ever tried the same diet -- with different results? i want to hear your story!
there are a lot of mixed messages about prostatecancer surveillance and treatment. deborah kotz sorts them out:
some extra advice for seniors choosing a new diet:
"4 reasons why diets don't work" by
"the best diets for seniors" by bestdiets
"8 things you should never say to yourself about food," by
why you should dump your fridge of these "five food felons," according to cleaneating
got a whopping medical bill? how to pay it even when you think you can't:
why you should treat "breakfast like a prince, lunch like a king, dinner like a pauper," according to t
when it comes to grains, older may truly be wiser. explains why: nutrition
are you a mindless eater? the problem is your environment - not your willpower:
do you have postpartum anxiety, or are you just being a good mom?
how much exercise is too much? (hint: the answer is not "you can never have too much.")
postpartum anxiety is a thing. a big one,. how to know when it's time to get help: motherhood
lifelong marathoners beware: long-term endurance exercise has been linked w/ anxiety, depression & heart problems.
what you eat matters, but what about when you eat it? that matters too, says
your blood pressure reading taken at the doctor's office is probably wrong. explains:
why are we obsessed with ancient grains - and is the hype warranted? says yes:
patients say autoimmune paleo makes them feel better, but is it legit?
business travel is tough on steady diets. how to deal:
what you need to know about bipolar disorder: mentalhealth
why more women are forgoing the hospital for childbirth: midwifery
a gop-backed bill would ban abortions 20 weeks after fertilization.
how to know if you're exercising too much:
having a salad today for lunch? common diet mistake no. 4, says . here are the others:
what are the bestdiets for healthy eating? you may not have even heard of numbers one and two:
fitness tracker critics say they can fuel unhealthy obsessions and take away from the joy of exercise:
wake up and smell the smoothies! why the (homemade) treats make the perfect breakfast:
i overdid it at the gym. now what?
hate bigpharma? two patients tell stories of the good that comes of their research:
5 comfort foods that are actually good for you: yum
everyone's body's not the same, so why should their diets be? how to pick the best one for you: bestdiets
feeling sore today from your workout on friday? your body's telling you something, says
you say it's your spouse who wants to lose weight? how to help: weightloss marriage
would you volunteer for a clinical research trial? 2 people who've done it share their experiences:
what the heck is the "autoimmune paleo diet" -- and does it work? finds out:
before you get in line for "50 shades of gray," read this. "the truth about bdsm"
would you your psychiatrist? for some, it's a necessity, reports psychiatry mentalhealth
do you skip the carbs at dinner? common diet mistake, says . here's 6 more:
open your eyes, not just your mouth! "how to make your meals exciting by engaging the senses:"
how bad (or not) are energy drinks anyway? explores:
cdc: hospitals lower health care-associated infections, by
how much do you know about plant-based diets? here's one way to find out: eatplants
already thrown in the towel on your new year's resolution? maybe it's time to try a new approach. (hint: yoga)
it's happening a lot right now...i overdid it at the gym. now what? - eat+run fitfluential
"how to lose 50 pounds without really trying," by weightloss
can an even-stricter paleo diet help people with autoimmune diseases?
start your weekend off right with these high-protein breakfast ideas:
pushed yourself too hard at the gym? how to recover quicker:
energy drinks get a bad rap, but most healthy adults can handle one a day:
taste is only one party of the eating experience. how to engage your senses to spice up mealtime:
did you work out hard today so you can go out harder tonight? what experts say about that philosophy: running
is the "autoimmune paleo diet legit?" explores:
how to become a home cook (yes, you!) cooking family yum
how to make your meals more exciting by engaging your senses: cooking
are energy drinks really that bad? reports:
"delayed onset muscle soreness" is a thing. what it is and how to treat it: fitness
what's it like to volunteer for a clinical research trial? 2 patients tell their stories.
do you have "white coat hypertension?" it could be throwing off your blood pressure readings.
are you a super early riser? (as in 4 or 5am?) i want to know how you get yourself out of bed! mornings
there's more to body shape & size than diet/exercise - genetics, environment & life stage matter
why would you give up meat? let us count the ways. "7 reasons to choose a plant-based diet"
about to chat with on siriusxm doctor radio -- tune in! bestdiets
how do you know if you overdid it at the gym -- and what can you do about it? answers:
do you have "device fatigue" (i.e. you're bored of your old phone or fitness tracker?) to the rescue!
snack attack! 86% of americans snack daily & 51% of snackers eat 3 or more snacks per day. how to do it right:
before you hit up , read this. "how to order a healthy cup of coffee" by
research suggests bipolar disorder is 60 percent hereditary. what's the other 40 percent?
do you eat a healthy diet but party hard on the weekends? common mistake, says . here are 6 more:
a new way to treat obesity shows that there is more to a cure than prescribing diet and exercise.
easy ways to get 10,000 steps a day.
it took one woman 13 years and several doctors to get the right diagnosis for bipolar. what's the holdup?
"look for at least 5 grams of fiber" -- and 7 other tips for healthy snacking from
news flash: "i eat a salad for lunch" is not an indicator of good health. dispels other weightloss myths:
why is bipolar disorder so hard to diagnose?
would you skype with your psychiatrist? it's happening. mentalhealth
think more protein and less carbs is always better for dinner? think again. reveals 6 other diet mistakes:
health buzz: taking a walk may save your life:
don't sabotage your weightloss with snacks. how to snack smarter in 2015, by
is telepsychiatry the new frontier in mentalhealth? reports:
. pleads: "don't make these 7 diet mistakes"
how well do you know the "best diets"? bestdiets
does your diet include exercise? it should.
heart failure may just have met its match: hearthealth
how to snack smarter today (and the rest of the year) by
what are the bestdiets overall? our rankings here:
here are 's "easiest diets to follow" (presented in the easiest way: pictures!)
why the top "health" trends aren't so healthy after all:
this is why you have a crazy black toenail
13 habits of highly effective fitness tracker users: wearabletech
there's often more to blood pressure than a single reading, reports.
picking a diet is one thing, sticking to it is another. here's how to do the latter:
the junk food industry invests billions creating the illusion that unhealthy food is nourishing, delicious and fun.
paleo, or mediterranean? everyone's answer's not the same. how to choose the best diet for you:
7 mindless eating solutions:
how will obamacare affect your taxes? aca
are the pleasures of junk food just an illusion? says yes: eatrealfood
the 6 best jobs for work-life balance: stressless careeradvice worklife
are you sure about that high blood pressure reading at your doctor's office? .
yoga is all about setting intentions and seeing them through. sound like new year's resolutions? yoga commit
we ranked the bestdiets -- and in one category, paleo came in dead last. which one?
the link between nutrition, exercise and mood:
good news for optimists (but isn't it all?) "study suggests correlation between heart health and optimism"
sleepy? how to have energy to thrive: goodmorning
what's wrong with "50 shades of grey" 50shades goldenglobes
smile! being an optimist is good for your heart, new research finds: by happiness hearthealth
it's far from too late. "5 things to do when healthy resolutions fail" by newyearnewyou
mastectomy vs. lumpectomy for early breast cancer: how do you choose? weighing the options:
moms: should you eat your placenta? by
which is the better job: clinical social worker or mentalhealth counselor? has the answer. bestjobs
how much do you care about appearance? & other questions to ask when choosing a surgery for early breastcancer
a new drug may reduce the risk of death and hospitalization from heart failure, reports hearthealth
according to bestjobs rankings, it's better to be a massage therapist than a paramedic
. says placenta pills are life-changing. here are other moms who endorse them:
mastectomy or lumpectomy? how to choose: womenshealth breastcancer
according to the bestjobs rankings, it's better to be a nurse practitioner than a physician. nursing
why did this former running back go vegan?
why yoga may be the answer to keeping your new year's (and other) resolutions: by
as if food allergies aren't bad enough, they can also make kids targets for bullying, finds
the best healthcare jobs of 2015: 1. dentist 2. nurse practitioner 3. physician 4. dental hygienist more:
how much do you know about plant-based diets? eatplants vegan
is the u.s. prepared for a "tsunami" of adults with autism? healthcare
some americans would rather pay more for health insurance than accept obamacare subsidies, reports
if you're not taking advantage of free preventive care under the aca, you ought to be. start here:
help! my child is bullied because of food allergies: bullying parenting foodallergies
great guide! we'll keep it in mind if we cover the topic again.
more than half of alzheimer's cases might be attributed to potentially modifiable risk factors like diet.
there's a reason why you're already struggling with your new year's resolution, says
how to make the most of free preventive care under the aca my latest for
in my latest story, explains why some americans don't feel right about accepting obamacare subsidies:
feeling down? maybe your diet and exercise patterns are to blame. by
many nutrition experts are critical of the whole30 diet. here's why: by
already planning what foods you'll "cheat" with next weekend? these pizza slices won't be cheats, says
“the brain at rest uses as much energy as one leg during a marathon.” how to eat to save its cells by
feeling hangry? eat this.
how do we rank our bestdiets? look no further:
feeling sad? 8 ways to feel better if you have seasonal affective disorder: by
snow rage. thestruggle is real. via
how do the stars prepare for the goldenglobes? 7 wacky celebrity diets & weightloss tricks: redcarpet
how to pick a health insurance plan in a few simple steps:
don't do it, but if you must, do it right. how to finish a race you haven't trained for. running
"how poetry helps people with dementia" by
will rutabaga be 2015's breakout nutrition star? 's predictions:
it's footballsunday! 6 tips for healthy gameday snacks from 's
can training your mind improve your physical fitness? weightloss
you don't have to choose between love and fitness. how to stay in shape in a relationship:
your mom was right: you might catch a cold because of the cold by brrr
what's the best diet for you? bestdiets
ditch the diet resolutions and do this instead:
make this 1 resolution - and watch your health and finances improve: newyearnewyou
don't let back pain ruin your day. 11 ways to cope now:
5 comfort foods that are actually good for you: mmm
are you exercising too much? fitness
travel for business? how to keep a healthy diet when you're a frequentflyer:
what happens when wears 5 fitness trackers for 6 days? (besides getting funny looks) wearabletech
are you a fitness tracker fanatic? here some easy ways to get your 10,000 steps today. 10000steps letsmove
the number of birth centers in the u.s. has increased 30 to 40 percent. what's the appeal? childbirth midwifery
got a massive hospital bill? there is a way to pay it. spills:
here's an awesome infographic that breaks down how we ranked the bestdiets of 2015:
here's the full update on the flu season, from the call with
if you went on a juice cleanse this week, here's a scolding. "why juice 'cleanses' don't deliver" by
birth control failed? don't panic - yet. here's what to do first: pregnancy womenshealth birthcontrol
painkiller overuse and misuse puts patients – and others – in danger. how to stay safe, by
these three so-called healthy trends aren't as healthy as you may think via
there is a method to the bestdiets madness. a look behind the ranking process:
"cautious, not cavalier" is right approach to prescription opioids, johns hopkins researcher says.
13 habits of highly successful fitness tracker users: wearabletech
i'm listening in to a update about this flu season. do you have any questions?
your birth control didn't work. now what? reproductivehealth womenshealth birthcontrolfail
hold your horses on all the activity tracker hype. explores their dark side: eatingdisorders ocd
think americans are getting healthier? think again, says health nutrition
weather got you down? cheer up! 10 ways to break a bad mood: happiness
what is thought to be the oldest condiment on the planet? (hint: it's a seed.)
is there anything yoga's *not* good for? the latest: yoga for grief, by
what 4 types of calories should dominate your daily diet? answers: nutrition
has your relationship with your fitness tracker gone sour? bring back that loving feeling with these 4 tips:
does this calorie make me look fat? maybe. how to choose your calories wisely: diet nutrition
back pain? you're not alone. has 11 ways to cope:
feeling the midday slump? power through it (and avoid it tomorrow) with these 3 tips from
ugly root vegetables like rutabaga & wimpy garnishes like parsley just may be poised for nutritional stardom in 2015:
grief is physical. why not treat it with yoga?
a calorie is not a calorie. says these 4 types should dominate your diet 90% of the time:
congrats to eat+run blogger & bestdiets judge - 1 of 's most influential in health & fitness
some foods get all the glory. (cough, kale, chia.) but says these underdogs deserve stardom in 2015:
thanks for letting us know! try this.
could your healthy eating changes be triggering gout?
how to eat right now to avoid the dreaded midday slump later: by nutrition careeradvice
many thanks!! usntechchat
we're so glad you were here -- learned a lot from you. thanks!! usntechchat
thanks for being here! usntechchat
look forward to chatting with you all again soon! good luck with your diet and fitness goals. usntechchat
and a huge thanks to our experts , , , and usntechchat
to stay ahead of the curve on fitness trackers + wearable tech, bookmark usntechchat
we're just about out of time. thanks so much to all our experts and everyone who stopped by! what a fun chat. usntechchat
a14 even better sensors, stylish devices, cool apps to manage wellness, work and health with actionable insights usntechc…
a14 increased ease of use, integration with phone, better battery life and better design options will ensure wider adoption …
usntechchat a14: look out for the new polar a300 coming out in february!
q14: what new fitness trackers or apps should we watch for in 2015? usntechchat
usntechchat a13: it’s not the machine; it’s the motor... no matter what you wear, it works only if you do. everymilema…
kudos to you!! impressive. usntechchat
q13: what else should i know about wearable tech? current users: biggest takeaways and tips so far? usntechchat
that's really interesting and exciting. eager to know more. usntechchat
a12 as wearable tech gets more connected we need to make it more secure and more usable across health settings usntechc…
q12: are there any downsides to fitness trackers and wearable tech? usntechchat
usntechchat a11: most excitingly, wearables can crowdsource disease biomarkers/cures. see & htt…
fascinating -- and exciting! usntechchat
q11: what role will wearable tech play in the future of our health? usntechchat
a10 workout gear with sensors is available, soon a whole ecosystem of wearables working together for better health will ex…
a10 smartwatch tracks meds taken + simple button for help so older adults don’t need to be fearful when active. u…
love that idea! usntechchat
q10: aside from fitness trackers, what are some other wearable tech devices that can help me stay healthy? usntechchat
a9 if you're bored of your fitness tracker --> the wrong fitness tracker wearable should be something that's usefu…
q9: i’m getting bored of my tracker – what can i do to keep myself interested? usntechchat
q8: and now, your ideas. what are some easy ways to hit 10,000 steps per day? usntechchat
a7: 10,000 steps/day increases your metabolism, contributes to lower blood pressure and strengthens your heart and lungs…
a7 lower risk of coronary disease (along with diet), increase stamina, lower blood pressure, improve flexibility, and more…
q7: what are the benefits of walking 10,000 steps per day? usntechchat
usntechchat a6: not at all - user experience has improved so much. small learning curve and big benefits
are some trackers more social than others? usntechchat
q5 social is a big part of fitness tracking success. challenge friends and colleagues. work together usntechchat
a6: if you can use a mobile phone you can use a fitness tracker. beginners don’t need sophisticated trackers. usntechch…
q6: do you have to be tech-savvy to use a fitness tracker? usntechchat
usntechchat a5: we don't. but it’s just important that your tracker is accurate against itself—that it is consistent in …
q5 fitness trackers aren’t as accurate as clinical devices but information inspires activity and supports wellness both go…
usntechchat a5: no - look for established brands with a history of proven accuracy, especially with metrics like heart ra…
a5: no fitness tracker is 100% accurate. doesn’t matter unless you’re a world-class athlete. usntechchat
q5: how accurate are fitness trackers? are some moreso than others? usntechchat
a4:many activitytrackers work w/ apps like to help you see how activity & diet affect your he…
usntechchat indirectly trackers can affect diet...by showing progress that can have far reaching affects mentally in how…
q4: can a fitness tracker help me with my diet as well? usntechchat
a3: if you want to exercise w/your tracker, get one w/ heartrate so you train at the right intensity usn…
a3: i talked to fitness tracker users who get more than 10k steps a day. they have some creative tips
interesting! what went wrong with the wearables? usntechchat
a3 wearable fitness trackers need to require zero change to your routine– should be waterproof with long battery life ..usn…
q3: what’s the best way to incorporate a fitness tracker into your exercise regimen? usntechchat
a2: love my flex - not too big and a very simple mobile app usntechchat
a2 f q2 team are fans of up. it’s fashionable with enough functionality to get, and keep, people motivated…
a2: advanced exercisers will want a fitness tracker to measure more: heart rate, geographic routes, anaerobic exercise. …
a2 of course but many great choices now , and usntechchat
welcome!! usntechchat
q2: what are some specific fitness trackers and apps you recommend? usntechchat
usntechchat a1: most trackers, including smartphones, track the same data. it’s how they use the data to keep you motiva…
aside from price, look at what apps and devices tracker works w. especially ones you’re already using , …
perfect timing -- welcome! how do you like your so far? usntechchat
a1: inexpensive wearabletech works for beginners. buy one that looks good & tracks steps per day, distance covered. us…
q1: what are some features to look for when choosing a fitness tracker? usntechchat
it's going to be a good one! so glad you're here. usntechchat
housekeeping: remember to include the appropriate a when responding to a q; for example, a1 for q1. usntechchat
we're excited! thanks again for being here! usntechchat
thanks for being here, jen! usntechchat
who else is here? usntechchat
special welcome + thanks to our experts: , , , , + . usntechchat
hi everyone! i'm , moderating today's chat on wearable tech. thanks for joining us! usntechchat
just a few minutes until the usntechchat on wearables for health - join here at 8pm et:
if you use a , or any type of fitness tracker, join our conversation @ usntechchat in a few minutes! …
10 minute warning! learn everything you've ever wanted to know about fitness trackers at 8 pm. usntechchat
gearing up for the usntechchat discussion. join us at 8 et
just 30 min till the usntechchat! join us + , , , , + …
grief is "as natural as birth and death itself.” why some people are treating it with yoga: grief
what are you doing tonight? joining the usntechchat, we presume! discussion: wearabletech for weightloss. see you at 8pm est!
1 in 4 adults has recently experienced back pain. has 11 ways to cope:
the mayo clinic diet ranked high among bestdiets in 's 2015 best diet rankings via …
it's almost lunch time. want to power through the rest of your day? here's what to eat.
your fitness tracker hounding you to hit 10,000 steps? it's easier than you think.
plant-based diets are great for your health – even if you're not a vegetarian. bestdiets
join us for the usntechchat discussion tonight at 8 pm et wearabletech
check out this behind-the-scenes look at how we put together our bestdiets.
your fitness tracker pushing you to hit 10,000 steps? here's how to make that easy.
now that you've checked out our bestdiets, which one is best for you? helps you decide.
plant-based diets are great for your health. and these are the best ones you can follow. bestdiets
we've listed the easiest diets to follow as part of our bestdiets lineup – but what makes a diet easy?
sure, fitness trackers can help you lose weight – but they may fuel some harmful behaviors.
bestdiets is here! you'll be surprised to see where the paleo diet is ranked.
sharing this moment w/ our wwfamily who inspire us each day: ranks us 1 again! h…
is your fitness tracker collecting dust? has tips on how to revive it and get back in the habit.
want a diet that's going to help you drop the weight easily? check out our slideshow guide to the bestdiets.
don't forget to join our usntechchat tmmrw at 8pm to get answers to all your questions losing weight with wearables!
our methodology takes that into account. but, above all, it's about choosing the best one for you:
hi marion! we just released our 2015 bestdiets rankings, and we'd love your feedback. check it out:
i talked to about our bestdiets rankings:
think you use your fitness tracker well? shows you the 13 habits of highly effective tracker users.
the best and worst diets of 2015
hi russ! we just ranked the paleodiet on our 2015 bestdiets rankings. would love your feedback:
check out the paleodiet on our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
check out the paleodiet on our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
check out where the paleodiet ranks in our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
hi mark! please check out where paleo ranks in our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
please check out where the paleodiet ranks in our 2015 bestdiets rankings:
hi michelle! check out where paleo ranks on our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
today, released the bestdiets rankings + profiles. tons of great info: (woohoo, @…
check out where vegan ranks on our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love to hear your feedback:
think you know the u.s. news bestdiets? take our quiz and find out!
hi adele! these are our top plant-based diets for our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
check out our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love to hear your feedback:
hi emily! we just our bestdiets ranking, and we'd love your feedback as healthyliving blogger:
hi roni. please check out our 2015 bestdiets rankings! we'd love to hear what you think:
hi kris! please check out our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
hi jenn! please check out our 2015 bestdiets rankings. we'd love your feedback:
check out our 2015 bestdiets rankings! we'd love your feedback:
check out our 2015 bestdiets rankings! we'd love your feedback:
our 2015 bestdiets rankings include gluten-free and other allergy-friendly options:
we ranked plantbased diets in our 2015 bestdiets rankings. check it out:
check out where vegan ranks in our 2015 bestdiets rankings
check out where vegan ranks in our 2015 bestdiets rankings
check out where vegan ranks in our 2015 bestdiets rankings!
as told , "the paleo diet never does well in our rankings." it came in last.
ever wonder how a diet becomes one of our bestdiets? check out our infographic to find out!
not a huge fan of "diets" but if says these are the best then maybe it'll help ya in 2015! good luck!
. looked crazy for a week to put 5 fitness trackers to the test.
2015 bestdiets: 1. dash diet 2. tlc diet 3. diet 4. mediterranean diet more:
as seen on , the dash diet takes the top spot for the 5th year in a row. bestdiets
our 2015 bestdiets are here! check out which diet took home the top honors here:
tune into at 8 a.m. to hear discuss our 2015 bestdiets rankings.
giving birth without the hospital? explores the growing trend of midwifery.
tune in to tomorrow at 8:04am est to see discuss our bestdiets!
have you checked your home for these burn hazards?
bestdiets 2015 is coming tomorrow! while you wait, check out the winners from last year.
did you know poetry may help people with dementia?
is this place a night club or a gym? explores the growing trend of dance parties at gyms.
our 2015 bestdiets rankings launch tomorrow. but first, a look at last year's winners:
the u.s.may not be prepared to handle the growing number of adults with autism.
35 contenders, one best diet. find out which it is tomorrow: bestdiets
we're 5 days into 2015 – how's your resolution going? slipped up? shows you how to get back on track.
unlocking the inner poet: how poetry helps people with dementia by
our 2015 bestdiets rankings launch tuesday. but first, a look at last year's winners:
we all get nervous sometimes – but could your nerves actually be anxiety? shows you the difference.
having trouble getting up in the morning? follow these tip to go from night owl to early bird.
get ready – our bestdiets rankings are coming this tuesday!
trying to lose weight? join our usntechchat on 1/7 at 8pm to see how wearable fitness can help!
five eating disorder survivors share the pain and triumph of the path to recovery by
looking good can be deadly.
when dementia strikes, creativity may be the best medicine.
weather got you down? shows you 5 foods to bust the blues.
don't know how to start losing weight? get ready for our bestdiets launch on tuesday!
most people try to lose weight. ray wanted to gain. check out his video to see how putting on 80lbs changed his life.
psychology is a big part of weight loss – and gyms are starting to notice.
when your husband or wife becomes critically ill, how do you transition from spouse to caregiver?
want to restart your health? just ditch these 5 foods, says.
. breaks down the most googled diets of 2014.
instead of a new years resolution, why not a new years theme?
do you know the difference between rheumatoid and osteoarthritis?
the psychological problems that come with hiv can be just as devastating as the disease itself.
for people with copd, nutrition is everything.
gaining weight to stay alive: 5 eatingdisorder survivors share their stories
don't forget to join us, , , and for our usntechchat on wearable fitness! 1/7 at 8pm.
they had to gain weight to stay alive – 5 eating disorder survivors share their stories:
want to lose weight in 2015? don't know which diet to use? our bestdiets rankings, coming on january 6th, will answer all your questions.
kimatni dropped 50 pounds, all for his kids. what's your inspiration? bestdiets
everything we know about preventing cancer might have just gone out the window.
made a resolution to eat healthier or lose weight? check here tuesday to find out the bestdiets of 2015:
healthy fido, healthy family:
forget that new year's resolution. think theme instead:
the cold days of winter got you down? shows you 5 foods that can improve your mood.
2015 is here – and that means it's time to say hello to these food trends, courtesy of .
is losing weight part of your 2015 resolution? join our usntechchat on 1/7 at 8pm to see how wearable tech can help!
party too hard last night? here's how to get rid of your hangover.
if your resolution is to quit smoking, your smartphone can help! shows you how.
from everyone at u.s. news, we wish you a happy and a healthy new year.
getting the body you want is important – and sometimes that means gaining weight.
want to lose weight in 2015? join our twitter chat on 1/7 at 8 p.m. to learn how wearable tech can help. usntechchat
people love to go nuts on new years eve – but why?
poetry is helping people fight dementia.
if your spouse is diagnosed with a critical illness, here's how you can help.
mental health can play a large role in weight loss, and some gyms have even started hiring psychologists.
in just one week, will reveal who topped the best diets of 2015 rankings: bestdiets
strapped for a new year's resolution? i got your back. "8 resolutions health experts want you to make"
have you tried a dance party fitness class like daybreaker or morninggloryville? let me know know! amiller//t…
going gray early? here's how to stop it.
sure, we all get nervous sometimes. but how to do you tell nerves from anxiety?
millions have signed up for health insurance under for the first time. are you one of them? let us know for a…
are you getting healthinsurance for the first time beginning jan. 1? i'd love to interview you for a story! let me …
